Miss Rome is seriously injured and is being admired
No one is to disturb
What do you admire when you are dead?
Shut up, brat
Aren't you two locked up in prison?
Who let you out?
I put Liang Yusong
To offend the entire Luo family for a mistress
There are so many families in God's City
Is it really worth it?
What are you, a woman, doing?
I mean it
Shit
You just watched Luo Ying choose that little fox
She's pretty.
Did you know that after the last time you left home
More and more people are talking to you
Go on like this
Your reorganization position will be lost
Yeah dad
You can't do it for a woman
I don't even want my own future
What's more, he's already dead
Why are you still protecting him?